"Gala" (tabloid magazine) respects the people they interview. They respected the rules we set.
They did not invade my privacy. They accepted the rules of the game.
It has a large audience.
My entry point was quinoa, which was an allusion. It's a vegetarian meal - I'm trying to better myself.
Journalist: You have not yet become a vegetarian , right?
JLM: No I have not. By the way, I'm not teaching people a lesson, nor giving advice.
I just explained how I got there - maybe people who think the same will identify with me.
This is the political message I want to convey.
The only reason I gave an interview to "Gala" was to convey a political message,
and my message is that we have to reduce our consumption of meat proteins,
because this consumption is a catastrophe for the environment, it ruins our economy,
and above all - I did not say this intentionally - this consumption is at the expense of apalling animal suffering,
which is intolerable for a society that promotes values of compassion, because animals are sentient beings.
We eat meat, that's a fact, but that doesn't mean we should torment animals.
You see how an issue that you might consider ethical or philosophical turns out to be an economic issue too:
we cannot accept this abominable system of 1,000-cow, or 10,000-cow, or 50,000-rabbit  or 30,000-sow farms
that produces a meat quality that most of the time...
- I don't mean to criticize cattle breeders that produce meat, I'm not talking about this type of breeding -
I'm talking about the meat that comes out at the end of the chain of 1,000-cow farms.
This meat comes from cows that are killed after they were completely exhausted, because they produced everything they could,
and huge quantities of low-quality, poisonous meat flood the market (...).
The impact of cattle breeding on greenhouse gases is more important than that of all the modes of transport.
Can you believe it? This is huge! We have to take this into account.
The global population will soon reach 10 billion people, so we cannot continue to live, produce and consume the way we do it today.